Base image update @ 13-04-2021 (#304)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/specs/versions3.md

- Premium VM on Mac Pro `3.7GHz Quad Core / 32GB`

## System

- System version `macOS 11.2 (20D64)`
- Kernel version `Darwin 20.3.0`
- Disk `322GB (Free Space: 99GB)`

## Pre-installed tools

- Android tools `/usr/local/share/android-sdk`
- aws `2.1.29`
- cocoapods `1.10.1`
- cordova `10.0.0`
- curl
- dart `2.10.5`
- docker `20.10.2`
- fastlane `2.176.0`
- firebase `9.3.0`
- flutter `2.0.4 ($HOME/programs/flutter)`
- gem `3.1.4`
- gh `1.8.1`
- git `2.30.1`
- gradle `6.1.1`
- homebrew `3.1.0`
- ionic `6.12.4`
- jq
- node `14.15.5`
- npm `7.5.3`
- python `3.8.7`
- python3 `3.8.7`
- ruby `2.7.2p137`
- ssh
- sudo
- tar
- unzip
- wget
- yarn `1.22.10`
- yq
- zip

## Android emulators

- **emulator**

    - Device: `pixel_3a (Google)`
    - Path: `/Users/builder/.android/avd/emulator.avd`
    - Target: `Google Play (Google Inc.)`
    - Based on: `Android 10.0 (Q)`
    - Tag/API: `google_apis_playstore/x86`
    - Skin: `pixel_3a`
    - Sdcard: `512M`

## Java versions

- **15**: version `15.0.2`, JVM `Zulu 15.29.15`
- **11**: version `11.0.10`, JVM `Zulu 11.45.27`
- **1.8**: version `1.8.0_282`, JVM `Zulu 8.52.0.23`

## Xcode 12.5 (12E5244e)

> This is the Xcode version used by default when you select `latest` in build settings. Other available versions are listed [here](#other-xcode-versions).

Author: ```suggestion
This is the Xcode version used when you select `12.5` in build settings. Other available versions are listed [here](#other-xcode-versions).
```

> This is the Xcode version used by default when you select `latest` in build settings. Other available versions are listed [here](#other-xcode-versions).

Author: ```suggestion
This is the Xcode version used when you select `12.5` in build settings. Other available versions are listed [here](#other-xcode-versions).
```
